Function CR validation (#8513)
kyma-project/kyma: components/function-controller/README.md

| **WEBHOOK_VALIDATION_MIN_REQUEST_MEMORY** | Minimum amount of requested the limits and requests memory to pass through the validation       | `64Mi`               |
| **WEBHOOK_VALIDATION_MIN_REPLICAS_VALUE** | Minimum amount of replicas to pass through the validation                                       | `0`                  |
| **WEBHOOK_VALIDATION_RESERVED_ENVS**      | List of reserved envs                                                                           | `{}`                 |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_REQUEST_CPU**        | Value of the request CPU which webhook should set if origin equals null                         | `50m`                |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_REQUEST_MEMORY**     | Value of the request memory which webhook should set if origin equals null                      | `64Mi`               |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_LIMITS_CPU**         | Value of the limits CPU which webhook should set if origin equals null                          | `100m`               |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_LIMITS_MEMORY**      | Value of the limits memory which webhook should set if origin equals null                       | `128Mi`              |

> | **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MINREPLICAS**        | Value of the minReplicas which webhook should set if origin equals null                         | `1`                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MINREPLICAS**        | Minimum number of replicas which the webhook should set if the original number was not provided             | `1`                  |
```

> | **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MAXREPLICAS**        | Value of the maxReplicas which webhook should set if origin equals null                         | `1`                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MAXREPLICAS**        | Minimum number of replicas which the webhook should set if the original number was not provided                      | `1`                  |
```

| **WEBHOOK_VALIDATION_RESERVED_ENVS**      | List of environments reserved by the KService                                                                         | `{}`                 |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_REQUEST_CPU**        | Amount of requested CPU which the webhook should set if the original amount was not provided                      | `50m`                |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_REQUEST_MEMORY**     | Amount of the requested memory which the webhook should set if the original amount was not provided                        | `64Mi`               |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_LIMITS_CPU**         | Maximum amount of CPU which the webhook should set if the original amount was not provided            | `100m`               |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_LIMITS_MEMORY**      | Maximum amount of memory which the webhook should set if the original amount was not provided                          | `128Mi`              |
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MINREPLICAS**        | Minimum number of replicas which the webhook should set if the original number was not provided             | `1`                  |

> | **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MAXREPLICAS**        | Minimum number of replicas which the webhook should set if the original number was not provided                      | `1`                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **WEBHOOK_DEFAULTING_MAXREPLICAS**        | Maximum number of replicas which the webhook should set if the original number was not provided                      | `1`                  |
```

Reviewer: My bad ;)
